Add documentation for the three implementations (#18)
cryptape/quantum-resistant-lock-script: README.md

# quantum-resistant-lock-script

> Quantum resistant lock script on CKB, based on [NIST FIPS 205](https://nvlpubs.nist.gov/nistpubs/FIPS/NIST.FIPS.205.pdf) standard. 2 implementations exist:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Quantum resistant lock script on CKB, based on [NIST FIPS 205](https://nvlpubs.nist.gov/nistpubs/FIPS/NIST.FIPS.205.pdf) standard. 

There are 3 implementations:
```
